the
Why
agreement
the fish are all amateurs and michael's doctor
but that each one's territory and to each one his fly
with sometimes order of entry
the favorite wild and sporty crocodile crypt like here is a fish
quality flyers it is found in streams and rivers responded to the
not too hot not too slow for polluted mabrouk debate too poor in
oxygen quality
his cousin america a rainbow fish syrte the counter after
their setbacks of all colors but fits and mallorie smiles
river he can not breed freely he suffers in France in
some lakes to find them so with a lot of fun
for tank
The shadow
tuvalu steam abuse not afraid to the nose
whimsical lunatic a little crazy or what his mouth is small but he feeds on
will find it again as a mouchan surface just a little downstream of the authorities
the salmon
mende the
try to find it is a real miracle given the pollution the
overfishing the customer is located in the region the obstacles that prevent it
to go up the rivers if not when we find
for beefy equipment and flies
threatening very special
as salmon have lost their appetite
he only thinks of spawning they go up the fresh waters
and so it's no longer the resemblance that counts
the knave ruble close parent of the trout which for simplicity is a
little fountains this day
that's madam
here are the sails I'm still so aggressive and on the other
mitterrand has thus dropped
the place
a large landscaped pond
for the first it happens like that
louise
France December 7th
fashion week
in fact it is his cellar
pike pays attention to these scenarios
that's why not the provoc is the patience
yeah
for 40 minutes
low shoulders the chicane
the fighter is going like this
when ap
psa is for you
I'm staying
commonly white
white fish would therefore be desirable for some
but it's all the same that for once his training France jamet
if a sad day with the number of salmon disappeared
since a few years
it is expensive the fly widens to other horizons
you have to know when you're happy
fly fishing
is that the fly fishing does not concern collar and its acts
fish while at the edge
currently we are actually fishing
fly
with all kinds of order
a particular
become more and more
it reveals the practices two kinds of things about our existence this is the
fly fishing at sea
for him the death of somewhere by the mayor with flies
in fact I am a mayor with fish imitations and the fruits of
his efforts must be said
only March will be registered for a year but good
and that's something that my opinion is taking a
dimension he would suffer